Issue28459 dvfs doc (#17061)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* Added a debug configuration enabling the `Fast Pair`_ feature on the nRF54L15 PDK with the ``nrf54l15pdk/nrf54l15/cpuapp`` board target.

* Added DVFS module to the nRF Desktop application.
  The module is responsible for switching the frequency and voltage according to the application's needs.

>   The module ensures that if there are no DVFS requests application is running on the lowest frequency and voltage.

Reviewer: ensures that lowest DVFS frequency and voltage is used unless a computation-challenging operation is performed.

>   Module listens for events that are sent and applies state activity according to the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Module listens to Event Manager events and applies DVFS frequency according to the application state.
```

    This is done to work around the timeout in MPSL flash synchronization (``NCSDK-29354`` known issue).
    See :ref:`known_issues` for details.

* Added DVFS module to the nRF Desktop application that can be used on the nRF54H20 DK with the ``nrf54h20dk/nrf54h20/cpuapp`` board target.
  The module is responsible for switching the frequency and voltage according to the application's needs.
  The module ensures that lowest DVFS frequency and voltage is used unless computation-challenging operation requests higher frequency and voltage.

>   Module listens to Event Manager events and applies DVFS frequency according to the application state.

Reviewer 2: Added this suggestion to PR https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/18192/files. Please remove this file. 
The ref link of DVFS module will be added later after this PR is merge to avoid build failure in the release notes PR.

>   Module listens to Event Manager events and applies DVFS frequency according to the application state.

Reviewer: Please link to the module's doc page.

    This is done to work around the timeout in MPSL flash synchronization (``NCSDK-29354`` known issue).
    See :ref:`known_issues` for details.

> * Added DVFS module to the nRF Desktop application that can be used on the nRF54H20 DK with the ``nrf54h20dk/nrf54h20/cpuapp`` board target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :ref:`nrf_desktop_dvfs` that can be used on the nRF54H20 SoC.
```
